README.md, before:

# AziziGibson

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

README Getting started... started
Need to finish writing the instructions for getting this set up.

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

## 1. Install the Github desktop

1. Go to https://desktop.github.com/
2. Download the github desktop
3. Install the github desktop

## 2. Clone this repository
1. Click the Clone or download button on this page
2. Click open in desktop (your web browser may ask you if it is okay to open the github desktop application)
3. Choose a location to store the repository on your hard drive
4. Click Clone
5. Congratulations you have just loaded our project onto your system!

## 3. Install Node
1. Go to [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org)
2. Download the version recommended for most users
3. Install Node following the defaults, and make sure to add Node to your PATH when prompted

## 4. Running NPM and installing Angular!
1. Open your command line tool.
    1. For windows go to the start menu then type cmd and press enter
    2. For Mac press command + spacebar and type terminal and press enter
2. type `npm install -g @angular/cli`

---
#Angular instructions
** Coming soon **

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
